QuestionID: blogs-01-1
Question String: When did the G20 summit start?
Answer: A summit meeting named G20 summit started on eventful today .

QuestionID: blogs-01-2
Question String: What is the summit meeting named?
Answer: started on eventful today

QuestionID: blogs-01-3
Question String: Where did the protest happen?
Answer: G20 summit happened annually .

QuestionID: blogs-01-4
Question String: What did the people burn?
Answer: The people burned a police car and threw a thing at a police .

QuestionID: blogs-01-5
Question String: Who rebelled?
Answer: The people

QuestionID: blogs-01-6
Question String: Who created a riot?
Answer: The people

QuestionID: blogs-01-7
Question String: What happened to a police car?
Answer: The people burned a police car and threw a thing at a police .

QuestionID: blogs-01-8
Question String: Who burned a police car?
Answer: The people

QuestionID: blogs-01-9
Question String: What was burned?
Answer: The people burned a police car and threw a thing at a police .

QuestionID: blogs-01-10
Question String: What happened to the police cars?
Answer: burned

QuestionID: blogs-01-11
Question String: What was fired?
Answer: things got worse

QuestionID: blogs-01-12
Question String: What was fired at the rioters?
Answer: things got worse

QuestionID: blogs-01-13
Question String: What was smashed?
Answer: things got worse

QuestionID: blogs-01-14
Question String: Who fired a bullet at the people?
Answer: police

QuestionID: blogs-01-15
Question String: Who was tear gas fired at?
Answer: things

QuestionID: blogs-01-16
Question String: Why did the people protest?
Answer: because it disagreed about a view

QuestionID: blogs-01-17
Question String: What did the people create? 
Answer: rebelled

QuestionID: blogs-01-18
Question String: Why were the police in full riot gear?
Answer: Police were in full riot gear to alleviate the violence .

QuestionID: blogs-02-1
Question String: Who died?
Answer: man

QuestionID: blogs-02-2
Question String: Where did the young man die?
Answer: of the young man

QuestionID: blogs-02-3
Question String: Who visited the place where he died?
Answer: I

QuestionID: blogs-02-4
Question String: Why did the narrator decide to talk to the young man?
Answer: because it wanted the young man to know the narrator regretting that it had not aided him

QuestionID: blogs-02-5
Question String: Where did the narrator enter?
Answer: of the narrator

QuestionID: blogs-02-6
Question String: What did the narrator see?
Answer: A young man long ago crashed the motorbike of the young man on the front yard of a narrator and broke the neck of the young man .

QuestionID: blogs-02-7
Question String: Who was snoring? 
Answer: it

QuestionID: blogs-02-8
Question String: Who crashed the motorbike?
Answer: man

QuestionID: blogs-02-9
Question String: Who stayed with the young man?
Answer: narrator

QuestionID: blogs-02-10
Question String: Who is the story about?
Answer: man

QuestionID: blogs-02-11
Question String: What did the narrator begin to wonder?
Answer: The narrator began to wonder that the flash was an orb

QuestionID: blogs-02-12
Question String: What in a group of trees that was above the narrator?
Answer: was above the narrator

QuestionID: blogs-02-13
Question String: When did the young man die? 
Answer: A few years ago , a young man died out on my front lawn when he crashed his motorbike .

QuestionID: blogs-02-14
Question String: Where did the young man crash the motorbike? 
Answer: of the young man

QuestionID: blogs-02-15
Question String: Who broke the neck of the young man? 
Answer: man

QuestionID: blogs-02-16
Question String: Who decided to talk to the young man? 
Answer: narrator

QuestionID: blogs-03-1
Question String: What was Louisiana adversely affected by?
Answer: affected by Hurricane Gustav

QuestionID: blogs-03-2
Question String: What rolled in on Monday, September 1, in the morning?
Answer: rolled in on Monday , September 1 , in the morning

QuestionID: blogs-03-3
Question String: What started kicking up?
Answer: Winds started kicking up .

QuestionID: blogs-03-4
Question String: Who came to Baton Rouge yesterday to assess the damage?
Answer: President Bush

QuestionID: blogs-03-5
Question String: Where was the storm occurring?
Answer: in Louisiana

QuestionID: blogs-03-6
Question String: Where did the narrator go back to in order to purchase a portable generator?
Answer: to a store named Home Depot in order to purchase a portable generator

QuestionID: blogs-03-7
Question String: What did the area of a neighborhood of the narrator have?
Answer: An area of a neighborhood of the narrator had a large group of pine trees and had a group of oak trees .

QuestionID: blogs-03-8
Question String: Why did the narrator begin to be nervous?
Answer: because it owned a group of trees

QuestionID: blogs-03-9
Question String: Where did the narrator bring the family of the narrator to?
Answer: on the house of the narrator

QuestionID: blogs-03-10
Question String: Who filled the container of some gasoline?
Answer: narrator

QuestionID: blogs-03-11
Question String: Who had a group of oak trees?
Answer: area

QuestionID: blogs-03-12
Question String: What fell on the yard of a neighbor?
Answer: fell on the yard of a neighbor

QuestionID: blogs-03-13
Question String: Who watched a large tree?
Answer: narrator

QuestionID: blogs-03-14
Question String: What did the first tree fall onto?
Answer: were

QuestionID: blogs-03-15
Question String: Who stayed in an area of the home where we felt safest?
Answer: wife

QuestionID: blogs-04-1
Question String: Who approached the bowl?
Answer: squirrel

QuestionID: blogs-04-2
Question String: Who fell over the deck's railing
Answer: squirrel

QuestionID: blogs-04-3
Question String: What slipped off the deck's railing?
Answer: The squirrel 's paw slipped off the deck 's railing .

QuestionID: blogs-04-4
Question String: What did the birds bath themselves in? 
Answer: The birds bathed themselves in the bowl .

QuestionID: blogs-04-5
Question String: Who also comes to drink out of it?
Answer: Squirrels

QuestionID: blogs-04-6
Question String: Who saw his one little paw hanging on?
Answer: I

QuestionID: blogs-04-7
Question String: What did I wish I had?
Answer: I wish I had a digital camera

QuestionID: blogs-04-8
Question String: Who drinks out of it and bathes in it?
Answer: day

QuestionID: blogs-04-9
Question String: Where do the birds literally line up on?
Answer: on the railing

QuestionID: blogs-04-10
Question String: Where did the narrator place the bowl?
Answer: on the deck in order for Benjamin

QuestionID: blogs-04-11
Question String: Where did the squirrel fall? 
Answer: The squirrels drank the bowl 's water .

QuestionID: blogs-04-12
Question String: Why did the narrator place the bowl on the deck?
Answer: The narrator placed the bowl on the deck in order for Benjamin to drink the bowl 's water .

QuestionID: blogs-04-13
Question String: Why did the birds organize themselves?
Answer: The birds organized themselves on the deck 's railing in order for the birds to wait .

QuestionID: blogs-04-14
Question String: What did we keep outside on the back deck?
Answer: he 's playing outside

QuestionID: fables-01-1
Question String: Where was the crow sitting?
Answer: on a branch of a tree with a piece of cheese in her beak

QuestionID: fables-01-2
Question String: What did the crow have in her beak?
Answer: a Fox observed her and set his wits to work to discover some way of getting the cheese

QuestionID: fables-01-3
Question String: Who is the Story about?
Answer: Crow

QuestionID: fables-01-4
Question String: What did the fox do to the cheese?
Answer: A fox observed the crow and tried to discover how to get the cheese .

QuestionID: fables-01-5
Question String: Where was the fox standing?
Answer: A fox observed the crow and tried to discover how to get the cheese .

QuestionID: fables-01-6
Question String: What did the crow feel?
Answer: There once was a crow .

QuestionID: fables-01-7
Question String: Who flattered the crow?
Answer: crow

QuestionID: fables-01-8
Question String: What was the crow doing?
Answer: There once was a crow .

QuestionID: fables-01-9
Question String: Where was the cheese? 
Answer: in the beak of the crow

QuestionID: fables-01-10
Question String: Who set his wits to work? 
Answer: Crow

QuestionID: fables-01-11
Question String: Who tried to discover how to get the cheese?  
Answer: fox

QuestionID: fables-01-12
Question String: What did the fox say about the bird’s beauty?    
Answer: the beauty of the bird was incomparable

QuestionID: fables-01-13
Question String: How did the crow caw?     
Answer: The crow felt that the fox had flattered her and cawed loudly in order for she to show him that she was able to sing .

QuestionID: fables-02-1
Question String: Who was feeding in a meadow?
Answer: A Lion

QuestionID: fables-02-2
Question String: Who was persuaded by this flattery?
Answer: The Bull

QuestionID: fables-02-3
Question String: Where was the bull?
Answer: There once was a fat bull .

QuestionID: fables-02-4
Question String: Who was grazing?
Answer: bull

QuestionID: fables-02-5
Question String: Who watched the bull?
Answer: lion

QuestionID: fables-02-6
Question String: What did the lion feign?
Answer: the lion was friendly

QuestionID: fables-02-7
Question String: Who is the story about?
Answer: friend

QuestionID: fables-02-8
Question String: Who was foolish?
Answer: friend

QuestionID: fables-02-9
Question String: What did the lion want?
Answer: the lion wanted to eat the bull

QuestionID: fables-02-10
Question String: Why did not the lion attack the bull?
Answer: because the lion feared sharp every horn of the bull

QuestionID: fables-02-11
Question String: What did the lion fear?
Answer: the lion feared sharp every horn of the bull

QuestionID: fables-02-12
Question String: What is ugly? 
Answer: But , my dear friend , what in the world makes you wear those ugly horns ?

QuestionID: fables-02-13
Question String: Who salivated? 
Answer: lion

QuestionID: fables-02-14
Question String: Why did the lion salivate? 
Answer: because the lion wanted to eat the bull

QuestionID: fables-02-15
Question String: What did the lion advise the bull? 
Answer: every horn of the bull was ugly

QuestionID: fables-02-16
Question String: Why did the lion advise the bull to remove its horns?
Answer: because every horn of the bull was ugly

QuestionID: fables-02-17
Question String: What did the lion decide? 
Answer: The lion began to be hungry and decided to attempt to kill the bull .

QuestionID: fables-02-18
Question String: Who has horns? 
Answer: lion

QuestionID: fables-03-1
Question String: Who is the story about?
Answer: An Eagle

QuestionID: fables-03-2
Question String: Who swooped down upon a Serpant?
Answer: An Eagle

QuestionID: fables-03-3
Question String: What did the Eagle seize it with?
Answer: An Eagle swooped down upon a Serpent and seized it in his talons with the intention of carrying it off and devouring it .

QuestionID: fables-03-4
Question String: Who came to the assistance of the Eagle?
Answer: countryman

QuestionID: fables-03-5
Question String: What did the Serpent spit?
Answer: swooped toward a serpent

QuestionID: fables-03-6
Question String: Where did the Serpent spit some poison? 
Answer: in the drinking vessel

QuestionID: fables-03-7
Question String: What did the countryman decide?
Answer: sip from the drinking vessel

QuestionID: fables-03-8
Question String: Who spilled the drinking vessel?
Answer: eagle

QuestionID: fables-03-9
Question String: What did the eagle spill? 
Answer: The eagle spilled the drinking vessel .

QuestionID: fables-03-10
Question String: Where where the contents of the horn spilled? 
Answer: with his exertions

QuestionID: fables-03-11
Question String: What was heated?
Answer: the Eagle knocked it out of his hand , and spilled its contents upon the ground

QuestionID: fables-03-12
Question String: What did the Serpent do in revenge?
Answer: In revenge the Serpent spat some of his poison into the man 's drinking-horn .

QuestionID: fables-03-13
Question String: Who seized it? 
Answer: An Eagle

QuestionID: fables-03-14
Question String: Who had its coils around him? 
Answer: eagle

QuestionID: fables-03-15
Question String: Who was a witness of the encounter?
Answer: countryman

QuestionID: fables-03-16
Question String: Who came to the assistance of the Eagle? 
Answer: countryman

QuestionID: fables-03-17
Question String: What did the countryman own?  
Answer: escape

QuestionID: fables-03-18
Question String: Who succeeded in freeing him? 
Answer: countryman

QuestionID: fables-03-19
Question String: What did the countryman free the eagle from? 
Answer: escape

QuestionID: fables-03-20
Question String: What did the Serpent spat?
Answer: In revenge the Serpent spat some of his poison into the man 's drinking-horn .

QuestionID: fables-03-21
Question String: Who spilled its contents? 
Answer: the Eagle

QuestionID: fables-04-1
Question String: Who did the Fox invite to dinner?
Answer: A Fox

QuestionID: fables-04-2
Question String: What was the only fare provided?
Answer: provided

QuestionID: fables-04-3
Question String: Where was some soup served?
Answer: in a flat and large dish

QuestionID: fables-04-4
Question String: Who is the story about?
Answer: fox

QuestionID: fables-04-5
Question String: What did the fox do to the soup?
Answer: provided

QuestionID: fables-04-6
Question String: Why did the fox begin to be hungry and begin to be helpless?
Answer: because he was n't able to reach some food that was in the pitcher

QuestionID: fables-04-7
Question String: What did the stork easily fitted the long bill into?
Answer: The stork easily fitted the long bill of the stork into the long and narrow neck of the pitcher .

QuestionID: fables-04-8
Question String: Why did the Fox sit by hungry and helpless?
Answer: while she enjoyed her dinner

QuestionID: fables-04-9
Question String: What was savoury? 
Answer: The Fox lapped it up with great relish

QuestionID: fables-04-10
Question String: Who failed to drink some broth?
Answer: stork

QuestionID: fables-04-11
Question String: What was the shape of the neck of the pitcher? 
Answer: The stork easily fitted the long bill of the stork into the long and narrow neck of the pitcher .

QuestionID: fables-04-12
Question String: What was clever?
Answer: dine

QuestionID: fables-04-13
Question String: What was the soup served in? 
Answer: The fox only served some soup in a flat and large dish .

